HTTP Poller docs (#112)
triggermesh/docs: docs/sources/httppoller.md

# Event Source for HTTP Polling

This event source launches periodic HTTP requests against an external system endpoint, turning received requests into [CloudEvents][ce] to be consumed by other TriggerMesh components.

## Prerequisites

- An external system that exposes an HTTP endpoint.
- When using HTTP basic authentication, a secret containing the password.

## Deploying an Instance of the HTTP Poller Source

> Open the Bridge creation screen and add a source of type `HTTP Source`.

Reviewer: Isn't this supposed to be HTTP Poller?

Author: Thanks, now you know where I copied it from.
https://github.com/triggermesh/docs/pull/112/commits/eb390089bc41c64b3f1ea8e98ecde6cd19b4ac30

I took the license to also fix a doc page that I submitted very recently and that needs that same reference fixed.
https://github.com/triggermesh/docs/pull/112/commits/10d851f63d73b20c48302692fb6e5953d9ae3655

In the Source creation form add the following information:

> - **Name**: all Triggermesh components need a unique name per namespace.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Name**: all TriggerMesh components need a unique name per namespace.
```

- **Broker**: request converted into [CloudEvents][ce] will be sent to this location.
- **EventType**: string that identifies the purpose for all CloudEvent messages produced from this source.
- **EventSource**: (optional) string that identifies the origin for all CloudEvent messages produced from this source.
- **Enpoint**: URL location for the remote service to be polled.
- **Method**: HTTP method.

> - **Frequency**: periodicity for requests formatted as [Go duration][go-duration].

Reviewer 2: IMHO it should have been named "Interval", but ok...

Author: that would be a change for the CRD.
Since controller and frontend are merged that will need to go through all other layers.

I would suggest to merge this, then I'll try to have those 3 changes (sources/fe/docs) in place

- **CA Certificate**: (optional) CA certificate configured for TLS connection as plain text.
- **Skip Verify**: (optional) when set to true skips remote server TLS certificate verification.
- **Basic Auth Username**: (optional) HTTP basic authentication username.
- **Basic Auth Password** (optional) points to a secret that contains the HTTP basic authentication password.
- **Headers** (optional) is a set of key/value pairs that will be set within the HTTP request.

> `Frequency` is formated after [Go's duration parsing][go-duration]. Most tipically this value will contain a number followed by one of "ns", "us" or "µs", "ms", "s", "m", "h". Valid examples are `15000ms` or `15s` for 15 seconds, `60m` or `1h` for one hour.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Frequency` is formatted after [Go's duration parsing][go-duration]. Most typically this value will contain a number followed by one of "ns", "us" or "µs", "ms", "s", "m", "h". Valid examples are `15000ms` or `15s` for 15 seconds, `60m` or `1h` for one hour.
```
